[PB][Docs] PB-36: Creating custom Page Builder components (#1897)
magento/pwa-studio: pwa-devdocs/src/pagebuilder/utility-functions/index.md

---
title: Utility functions
---

> The utility functions help with retrieving commonly stored data in a content type. For example, the `getAdvanced(node)` wrapper function retrieves all the content type's Advanced form section settings so you don't have to worry about retrieving each one separately. Retrieving background images and associated properties is also made easy with the `getBackgroundImages(node)` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The utility functions help with retrieving commonly stored data in a content type. For example, the `getAdvanced(node)` wrapper function retrieves all the content type's Advanced form section settings so you do not have to worry about retrieving each one separately. Retrieving background images and associated properties is also made easy with the `getBackgroundImages(node)` function.
```
